Bono the environmentalist is looking to set up a wildlife sanctuary on a large plot of land, on which there is a handful of trees. Due to the donor's peculiar requirements, the sanctuary must occupy a perfectly square piece of land, and at each corner of the sanctuary there must be a tree.

Planning permissions dictate that the sanctuary border must be made entirely from electric fences. Your budget for the sanctuary is £2 million; electric fencing costs £40/metre, and land costs £10/square metre.

Assume the trees are of negligible size and represented by a set of N coordinates 
$$
((x_1, y_1), (x_2, y_2), ..., (x_N, y_N))
$$ 
where the units are metres. Write an efficient algorithm to determine the area of the largest possible square sanctuary Bono can build, given the donor's requirements and the budgetary constraints. Round your answer to the nearest integer.

(The donor is happy for other trees to be within the sanctuary border, as well as along the edges)

**Constraints**
- (N $\geq$ 4)
- (-10^9 < x_i, y_i < 10^9) for (i = 1, 2, ..., N)

**Function Description**

Complete the function ‘*sol*’ in the editor below.

sol has the following parameter(s):

int x[n]: array of the x-coordinates of the trees
int y[n]: array of the y-coordinates of the trees
The (i)-th element of x[n] and the (i)-th element of y[n] form the tree co-ordinate ((x_i, y_i)).

Returns
int: the area of the largest possible sanctuary, rounded to the nearest integer.
Input Format for Custom Testing
Input from stdin will be processed as follows and passed to the function.

The first line contains an integer (n), the number of points for the test case. Each of the next (n) lines contains an integer (x[i]) - i.e the x-coordinate of the (i)-th point. The next line contains the integer (n) again. The following (n) lines each contain an integer (y[i]) - i.e the y-coordinate of the (i)-th point.