The question is how much you are willing to pay to enter the following dice game, assuming you have no risk aversion (meaning that you are willing to pay up to the expected payoff).

We throw a fair dice (6 sides of equal probability, sides numbered from 1 to 6). You observe the result (number on the side up) and then you have the option to either accept the result of the first throw and that will be your final payoff.

Or you can choose to throw the dice a second time, in which case the result of the first throw is discarded and the final payoff will be the result of the second throw.

For example if the result of the first dice is a high number like 6 you may want to stop there as it can’t get any better on a second throw, while if the result is a low number like 1, it seems preferable to use the option to throw a second time.

The game is generalised with T>=2 throws. For example with T=3, after we observe the result of the second throw, you have again the option to either accept the 2nd result and stop, or throw the dice a third time and then discard the first two throws. The game can then be repeated in the same way for higher values of T.

The objective is to write a function price with 1 parameters (T) that returns the expected payoff of the game rounded to 4 decimal places. For example price(3) should return 4.6667.

**Notes**

- Try to make your algorithm work first for T=1 and then increasing values of T.
Rounding should only be applied to the final result, not intermediate results in your solution.
- Do not use any random-based Monte-Carlo like approaches. Your code will not reach the accuracy requirements in the time allowed for it to run.
- If you have a solution that works for some test cases but not all, don't hesitate to lock-in the partial results by clicking the green Submit button. You will be able to come back to the test and continue where you left it.